mm Kim joins us now from West Jerusalem
he's a professor of political science at
ban University thanks very much for
being with us there's certainly a lot
for blinken to be dealing with on this
particular visit first of all let's look
at the defense Minister's proposal for
the day after the war on Gaza what do
you make of
it uh I see to two strategies discussed
yesterday in the cabinet in the war
cabinet first there was the security
establishment attitude as presented by
yav Galant Minister of
Defense which is Israel will stay in
Gaza Street in in the different
locations with different
responsibilities uh inside or along a
parameter next to the to the border with
Israel but Israel will take care on the
security and supervise any other
operation to rebuild Gaza strep Israel
hopes that some someone will take from
Israel the responsibility be it an
international Consortium or local
families Clans hamula the different
hamula on different areas do you think
jump in there excuse me do you think
just do you think that's a likely
scenario that someone else is going to
come in and work with the Israelis to
rebuild
Gaza no no no way nobody no institution
or state or organization will enter and
put itself to be a target for Hamas
Fighters managing gorilla war against it
what should be done elections general
elections to to legitimize the next
Administration with without Hamas
blessing and demilitarize Hamas but
Hamas political Hamas let's say
okay nothing can move Israel is Israel
is unprepared to what it made in in Gaza
the trouble is though we we've already
got the extreme right in Israel furious
with this particular proposal there's no
way that they are going to accept the
idea of General
elections yeah definitely but also
Netanyahu is against and what I read
from NE yesterday exchange of blames and
shouts in the the cabin the mini cabinet
meeting is that netan instructed his
followers to attack the gallant and the
Army and the chief of staff they made it
under netan following netan request the
rightwing the extreme right-wing the
Jewish Supremacy parties they want to
clean Gaza Strip all out to expel
maximum Palestinians to Egypt or they
started talking about Congo and Latin
America and then bring in settlers and
build new three City settlements in Gaza
street according to them this is the the
uh let's say Amendment of the Israeli
disengagement in
2005 and the implementation of their
messic
Redemption
ideology this is their
view isn't one of the problems here manm
that the Palestinians need to come up
with their own plan and they haven't why
haven't
they because the Israel exposed Abu from
all its authorities and legitimacy and
also Abu Masen contributed to that it's
not only because of Israel also Abu maen
made many mistakes and Wrongs but also
the International Community instead the
International Community instead should
have state this is the final status
agreement this is what we want to
achieve and we will we will impose it on
you or we will push very hard to achieve
it and we are involved we we don't leave
you guys fighting guys to to continue
fighting we want to to see a settlement
there without that nothing will move
Israel must be Israel's AR arms must be
switched by the International Community
okay clim thanks very much for taking
the time to join us there from West
Jerusalem we appreciate your insights
and
thoughts thank you